README.md, before:

# Description
Discord bot that authenticates UTK students via email verification & integrates username enforcement on a per-server basis via Canvas name registry.

# Bot Link
[Click here to add this bot to your server!](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=936087804033781801&permissions=8&scope=bot)

You must add the bot to your server and give it administrator permissions, as well as adjusted it in the role hierarchy list to be at least above the role you will be authorizing.

# Usage
The bot has 3 commands, all of which are only effective if the user does not have an auth role already. _Note: none of these command arguments include brackets_
- `!auth [NetID]`: takes a single argument which is your UTK NetID.
- `!verify [6-digit passcode]`: takes a single argument which is the passcode received in your UTK email from `!auth`
- `!reset`: resets your authentication status if you've mistyped your NetID.

As a new user to a UTK server, simply type and enter:

`!auth [netid]` (without the brackets)

If you've entered the command correctly and with a valid NetID, then you will receive an email from the bot containing a 6-digit passcode. All you have to do from there is copy/paste `!verify [passcode]` into the `#auth` channel. If done correctly, you will be assigned an auth role (`Student` by default) and will be allowed access to the server and its privileges. Good luck!

# Development
## Setup
Ignore from here on out if you don't plan on messing with the src at all.

[Other than normal Discord-bot-integration](https://github.com/Ethan0429/utk-auth#bot-link), you must have your own `members.json` file and have your environment variables set accordingly in an `.env` file.
The following variables are subject to the individual's preferences:
```python3
TOKEN           = os.getenv('DISCORD_TOKEN')        # Discord app key for interfacing with their API
bot             = commands.Bot(command_prefix='!')  # Command prefix (!auth, ?auth, etc)
API_URL         = 'https://utk.instructure.com/'    # API url for Canvas. Depends on your institutions base Canvas url
API_KEY         = os.getenv('CANVAS_KEY')           # Canvas app key for interfacing with their API
CONST_COURSE_ID = 139798                            # Canvas course ID for any particular course. Used to reference student names
auth_channel    = 'auth'                            # Name of the Discord channel where authentication takes place
auth_role       = 'COSC 102'                        # Name of authenticated Discord role
email_tag       = '@vols.utk.edu'                   # Email domain for your particular institution
```
and
```python3
async def get_credentials():
    return os.getenv('BOT_EMAIL_USER'), os.getenv('BOT_EMAIL_PASS') # the bot email/password
```

## Requirements
- Python 3.8 (possibly lower, but it was built with 3.8)
- discord.py
- python-dotenv (or tweak the code for native env variables)
- numpy (necessary for the implementation but can easily be replaced with stock Python)
- canvasapi _(note that the features of Canvas API in this case will not be available to users whose API key is not of the proper privilege level to view login ids)_
- smtplib (my personal choice of automated emailing)

Commit message:

touch-ups & proper name grabbing

README.md, after:

# Description
Discord bot that authenticates UTK students via email verification

# Bot Link
[Click here to add this bot to your server!](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=936087804033781801&permissions=8&scope=bot)

# Usage
The bot has only one command `!auth` that takes a single argument which is your UTK NetID. You're only able to use the `!auth` command if you are both role-less **and** in the `#auth` channel. Otherwise it will not work. 

As a new user to a UTK server, simply type and enter:

`!auth [netid]` (without the brackets)

If you've entered the command correctly and with a valid NetID, then you will receive an email from the bot containing a 6-digit passcode. All you have to do from there is copy/paste the passcode into the `#auth` channel. If done correctly, you will be assigned an auth role (`Student` by default) and will be allowed access to the server and its privileges. Good luck!

# Development
## Setup
Ignore from here on out if you don't plan on messing with the src at all.

[Other than normal Discord-bot-integration](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=936087804033781801&permissions=8&scope=bot), you must have your own `members.json` file and have your environment variables set accordingly in an `.env` file.
The following variables are customizable:
```python3
bot = commands.Bot(command_prefix='!')

# customizable
auth_channel = 'auth'
auth_role    = 'Student'
email_tag    = '@vols.utk.edu'
```
and
```python3
async def get_credentials():
    return os.getenv('BOT_EMAIL_USER'), os.getenv('BOT_EMAIL_PASS')
```

## Requirements
- Python 3.8 (possibly lower, but it was built with 3.8)
- discord.py
- python-dotenv
- numpy (necessary for the implementation but can easily be replaced with stock Python)
